Have you seen these scars?
Have you seen them?
These scars
Were all given by you
The year I was with you
What did you treat me as?
When you were happy, you’d sweet-talk me
When you weren’t
You’d beat and curse me as you pleased
Fù Jiā Hào, I’m a person
A living, breathing human being
Not a pet
For you to toy with at will
And humiliate freely
Sī Sī, I was wrong
I know I was wrong
Can you give me
One more chance?
Sī Sī, I’m begging you
Fù Jiā Hào
I came today to tell you
You’re dumped
Now I’m
Young Master Wú’s fiancée
The Wú family is
A century-old clan in Dōng Hǎi
Though not as great as
The Fù family in its prime
I’ll still be
A rich and powerful lady
And you
You’re only fit to stay
In this rented dump
Rotting away
Sī Sī